Fix premature note cleanup on error (#3924)
hedgedoc/hedgedoc: public/docs/release-notes.md

- Allow setting of `documentMaxLength` via `CMD_DOCUMENT_MAX_LENGTH` environment variable.
- Add dedicated healthcheck endpoint at /_health that is less resource intensive than /status.

### Bugfixes

> - Fix that permission errors can break existing connections to a pad, cause inconsistent pad content and changes not being saved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix that permission errors can break existing connections to a note, causing inconsistent note content and changes not being saved
```
